---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Khulnasoft"
description: |-
  The Khulnasoft provider provides resources to interact with the Khulnasoft API.
---

# Khulnasoft Provider

Use the Khulnasoft provider to interact with the many resources in the Khulnasoft platform. 
You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available resources and data sources.

## Example Usage

~> **WARNING** It is recommended to create a custom user, role and permission set 
(with API Only permissions), and use this user for performing operations from Terraform.

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    khulnasoft = {
      version = "0.8.26"
      source  = "khulnasoft/khulnasoft"
    }
  }
}

provider "khulnasoft" {
username = "IaC"                    // Alternatively sourced from $KHULNASOFT_USER
  khulnasoft_url = "https://khulnasoft.com"  // Alternatively sourced from $KHULNASOFT_URL
  password = "@password"            // Alternatively sourced from $KHULNASOFT_PASSWORD

  // If you are using unverifiable certificates (e.g. self-signed) you may need to disable certificate verification
  verify_tls = false                // Alternatively sourced from $KHULNASOFT_TLS_VERIFY

  // Alternatively, you can provide these configurations from a config file, and configure the provider as below
  // config_path = '/path/to/tf.config' // defaults to '~/.khulnasoft/tf.config' -- Alternatively sourced from $KHULNASOFT_CONFIG
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `khulnasoft_url` (String) This is the base URL of your Khulnasoft instance. Can alternatively be sourced from the `KHULNASOFT_URL` environment variable.
- `ca_certificate_path` (String) This is the file path for server CA certificates if they are not available on the host OS. Can alternatively be sourced from the `KHULNASOFT_CA_CERT_PATH` environment variable.
- `config_path` (String) This is the file path for Khulnasoft provider configuration. The default configuration path is `~/.khulnasoft/tf.config`. Can alternatively be sourced from the `KHULNASOFT_CONFIG` environment variable.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) This is the password that should be used to make the connection. Can alternatively be sourced from the `KHULNASOFT_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) This is the user id that should be used to make the connection. Can alternatively be sourced from the `KHULNASOFT_USER` environment variable.
- `verify_tls` (Boolean) If true, server tls certificates will be verified by the client before making a connection. Defaults to true. Can alternatively be sourced from the `KHULNASOFT_TLS_VERIFY` environment variable.